Version Notes

Alpha
v1.0 successfully created all reasonable tables with the exceptions of airlines and rental cars.
v1.1 relink EMR to the corrected position and remove any non-reasonable tables with the exception of rental_car_company (not working anyways)
v1.2 Added Contractor Project form, Contractor Project Test popups and Contractor Project Reports (cpreport). Updated patch note file.
v1.2.1 Added the ability to view more details in Contractor Project form without the ability to edit the extra stuff. (added this to show the client only else its going back to id/ids)
v1.3 Add CRUD for Flight without validations and merge codes with jj2
v1.4 Added CRUD for Rental Car without validations.
v1.4.1 fixed console warnings for contractorproject. Merge codes from jj2 and fixed validations errors for project notes for Project. Implemented Date UI and applied onto flight. Rearranged Flight tables from models.
v1.5 remove unwanted vues into old stuff for future improvement. Switch Hospital table from popup into form based.
v1.6 merge code from jj2 and removed unused vues and js from project.
v1.6.1 Removed code in v1.6 from routes and models
v1.7 added contractor project report and contractor wisdom report (wip)
v1.8 fixed contractor wisdom report, added contractor perferred module. Set default page to project. Removed unwanting tables like airline and car company.
v1.9 added validation log inside patchnotes.
v2.0 added views/read for the associate tables. Fixed the requirement of having approvalid as approval name for flight cost over 500 bucks.
Beta
v1.0 Ready for Production.
v1.1 added remedi logo.
v1.2 added requirements from remedi: hotels info for contractor. Added technical manual and SLA to Main Menu. Fix flight time to only show time. Added script for sql server.
v1.3 added hotel and contractor hotel. Removed hotel info from contractor.
Removed the ability to see support wisdom, number of epic projects, years of support, support virtual epic when creating a contractor but is still available during edits.
Change just the view name of EMR to EHR, rest of the file stays the same.
Added the ability to add contractor to a project without module nor clinic area but will encounter bugs. see buglist below. Added updated script.

TodoList:
1. Need to add contractor to create flight page instead of edit page.
2. Need to display contractor in flight page.
3. Need to fix displayed time in flight edit page.
3.1 Need to change DB to where it wouldn't show the 'Z'

Buglist as of Beta v1.3
unsure
1. validations of max value and entity types for most tables. Especially for the names and addresses.
2. unable to add contractor to flight until flight has been created. -.-
3. edit flight page does not show the flight time.
4. able to delete preferred module without first removing it from project.
5. unable to add contractor to hotel until hotel has been created.
6. edit hotel page does not show the hotel time.
7. for all displayed time, its bugged to 1970.
8. able to add assigned clinic area when there is no contractor selected or any is selected.

Featurelist as of Beta v1.3
1. No need worry too much about duplicates for Contractors on Project nor Hotel since it'll automatically remove duplicates.
